Release/v5.5.6: Changelog (#1143)
gravwell/wiki: changelog/5.5.6.md

# Changelog for version 5.5.6

## Released 07 October 2024

## Gravwell

```{note}
This release contains high priority bug fixes for multifiltering acceleration.
Gravwell highly recommends that all users upgrade to 5.5.6 or above.

> False negatives may occur in versions 5.3.0-5.5.5 under the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
False negatives may occur in versions 5.3.0-5.5.5 when using multifilters with the index engine combined with the fulltext accelerator.
```

> - Using a multifilter where one of the terms does not meet the indexing rules (min length, etc)

Reviewer: I'd remove these bullets in favor of just the sentence change above.
